Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
- Trouble sleeping?
What is this?
How did you get in?
- Sit.
When I came to this country.
I made myself a promise
that I would never be
bought or sold again.
subservient to another man.
and that I would die
rather than be anyone's whore.
And then. with one
careless. spiteful word.
you took that from me.
everything I fought
and bled for.
You turned me into a whore.
- I'm sorry.
- Stop.
- I was upset...
- This isn't a conversation.
I'm not the first woman your
husband has tried to fuck.
You've known this about
him for a long time now.
It was just easier to make me
a whore than to face the truth.
Of course you can't leave
him. because all of this...
It's all his.
So when he comes home.
stinking of whiskey
and someone else's cunt.
you give him whatever he wants.
because you can't afford not to.
- And after he fucks you
with that wandering cock of his.
you lie awake. hating yourself.
but hating him more
because somehow.
by fucking all of those women.
he's made you the whore.
You know. eventually.
all of that pain
and rage inside of you will
become too much to bear.
And when that night comes...
I want you to have this.
- Well. that'll be
a closed casket.
What a fucking mess.
You recognize any
of these bastards?
- I think that's Colin Hughes.
He was on the force
'til a few years back.
- Jesus. you're right.
- Heard he was
working on security
for a local bigwig.
name of Strickland.
- The railroad baron?
Wasn't there just an explosion
at one of his
construction sites?
- Mm. it was in the papers.
- Fuck.
Has anyone seen Leary?
- Evening. Douglas.
- Nellie.
- Well. you have a lovely home.
- Yes.
What are you doing in it?
- I've had a lot
of time to think
about how men like you believe
the rules don't apply to them
and how sadly. the
world seems to agree.
So...
I've decided to take a
page out of your book.
- You forget I know you. Nellie.
Beneath all your posturing.
you're no different
than the whores
you so desperately long to save:
a helpless. frightened
little girl.
- Do I look frightened to you?
- You should be.
- Leary!
- The fuck are you doing here?
- Could ask you that question.
Can't let you do it.
- This is a bad man. Bill.
- There's a lot of
bad men out there.
That's what jails are for.
- Strickland will never
see the inside of a cell.
and you know it.
- That is for a jury
to decide. not you.
- Get out of my way.
Fuck. Bill.
- You're the one that
wanted me to be chief.
- What the fuck is that?
- Stay behind me.
Agh!
- Come on. It's over.
- Say it. poor guy.
- Hey!
Stop!
Jesus.
- Who the fuck was that?
- Whoever it was.
they're gone now.
- We need to get
rid of this body.
- And why the fuck
would we do that?
- Because if you don't.
they'll have me
locked up before dawn.
- I'm the chief of
police. for fuck's sake.
I'll vouch for you.
tell them what I saw.
- I blew up his fucking bridge.
I killed his men.
- They attacked you
in your own home.
It was self-defense.
- It's me. Bill.
You think there's
a judge in town
that's gonna buy that?
We need to deal with this now.
- I know a place.
- I can't believe you
actually fucking worked here.
- You and me both.
- Now. wait.
- Is that worth something?
- Only to me.
- A man like this disappears.
people are gonna ask questions.
There'll be an investigation.
- It seems like the kind of
a thing the chief of police
should handle personally.
if you ask me.
- Are you hurt?
- I no feel anything.
I try so hard to protect
them. to protect Lai.
She saved my life.
I should have done more.
- No. you did
everything you could.
Strickland is dead
because of you.
He can't hurt anyone else.
- Always more men like him.
- Hey.
It's okay.
- I'm here.
I'm not going anywhere.
- Someone has a spring
in their step today.
- Do I?
Hmm.
I suppose it's just
that for the first time
in as long as I can remember.
it feels like I'm not pushing
some giant boulder up a hill.
I'm at the top of the hill.
looking down upon it all.
- I wouldn't get too
comfortable. Walter.
For men with your ambition.
the top of the hill
is often just the base of
a more sizable mountain.
- You're talking about
the governorship.
- For starters.
- Let's not get
ahead of ourselves.
- Humility is fine for
pastors and choir boys.
but no great statesman was
ever born of self-doubt.
You have everything you need
to be a great man. Walter.
I would know.
I've seen my share
of lesser stock.
- Catherine.
your belief in me
makes me a better man.
I wonder.
would you consider marrying me?
- Voters do love a family man.
- Politics aside.
it's been a long time
since I felt the urge to share
my life with another person.
I thought I'd closed
that door for good.
but since I met you.
things have changed.
I've changed.
I've never known
anyone like you.
and I believe I
could make you happy.
That is. if you'll let me.
- Walter. of course
I'll marry you.
- We got a location
on the plates.
- Where is he leading you?
- An ice factory in
Long Zii territory.
- Long Zii territory?
- Looks like the tongs are
working together on this one.
- Mm. Buckley isn't
gonna like that.
- Why not?
- All I know is. he keeps
us out of that part of town.
- He doesn't have to like
it. and neither do you.
That's the beauty of
being a federal agent.
- I still have to
inform the mayor.
or it's my ass when you
go charging in there.
- But could you do that now?
- Jesus. Lee.
You're not even in the force.
and you're still
a pain in my ass.
- It's hard to be chief. Bill.
For what it's worth.
I already like you
better than the last guy.
- The Long Zii are in the
counterfeiting business.
- Yes.
- No.
Not anymore.
At this very moment.
the Secret Service
are descending upon
your operation.
- What?
- Well. there was
nothing I could do.
They'll seize your materials
and arrest and deport
anyone on the premises.
I called you here to make
sure that didn't include you.
You're welcome.
- Right on time.
I wasn't sure your boy
would come through.
- Don't count your
chickens just yet.
Still gotta come
out with the plates.
Stone. take some men.
Make sure there's no other
way out of this place.
We have no idea
what kind of mess we're
walking into here.
- I don't mind a mess.
long as I get my plates.
- Are you saying the
Long Zii no longer enjoy
the protection of the mayor?
- I'm saying that
if you'd informed me
of your little side business.
I could have protected you.
Of course. you would
have had to cut me in.
but I think you'll agree
that would have cost you
less in the long run.
For such an intelligent woman.
you can be quite shortsighted.
Has anyone ever told you that?
- It's come up.
- Nice job. man.
This is so good.
Let me see that
other one over there.
Great. Hey boss.
what do you think?
Jiang's getting
pretty good at this.
- Yeah. uh. impressive.
Now. shift's
over. Take a hike.
- Fuck.
What are you doing here?
- Your girl didn't
show up for work today.
Young Jun sent me to keep
an eye on the new guy.
- I told Yan Mi not to come in.
- Oh. why? Did you
two have a fight?
- No.
- It's okay if you did.
- We didn't.
- Good. because I know I said
Jiang was getting better.
but that was bullshit.
He's such a nice guy. though.
I hate to see him lose
heart. but this guy is so...
- Hong. shut up.
The bulls have found out
where we're printing.
- What? How?
- I don't know. but they're
coming to shut it down.
Now we need to get
these plates and get
the fuck out of here now.
- Secret Service! Nobody move!
- Shit.
- Lower your weapon now.
- Fuck you. cop!
- Lower your weapon now!
- Oh. fuck.
- Don't move! Drop that axe.
- Put it down now!
- Drop the fucking axe.
- Don't do anything
fucking stupid. Hong.
- I'm not fucking
with you. Drop it.
- Put it down!
- One more time!
- You walk away now.
- I'll put you the fuck down!
- You done fucking said it!
- I'll blow your
fucking head off!
- Stop!
Is that what I think it is?
- Plates.
- Bring it to me slowly.
Set the plates down
and back away now.
Yeah.
Don't!
- What are Happy
Jack's men doing here?
We need to get out of here.
- You go.
I'm not gonna leave
without the plates.
- Oh shit.
- No. no. no! Ah Sahm!
- Fucking Chinaman.
Let's go.
- Fucking asshole.
- Hey!
I thought we had a deal.
- We still do.
- Well. you wanna tell
me what Happy Jack's men
were doing here?
- I have no fucking idea.
Now. I held up my end.
I need to know you're
gonna hold up yours.
- You have my word.
Now get out of here. or
I'll have to arrest you.
Go!
- Boss. you okay?
We gotta go! Boss!
- That's quite a rock.
- Mm. it's a bit
traditional for my taste.
- But still. must
have cost a fortune.
- Drop in the bucket
for the Blake estate.
- You got him to propose
quicker than I imagined.
- You underestimate my charm.
- Hardly.
- He wants a spring wedding.
Something about new beginnings.
- Are we talking about
the same Walter Buckley?
- Well. turns out. our boy
is something of a romantic.
- Sounds like you're actually
starting to like him.
- Didn't I tell you?
I'm utterly besotted.
- Okay. that's it.
You're free to go.
- Agent Lee.
- Just Lee is fine.
- What's stuck in your craw?
- Hauling that girl in here
put a bullseye on her back.
The tongs don't like loose ends.
- It's not as if she's innocent.
- So we're casting the
first stone. is that it?
- Look if there was such a
thing as innate goodness.
there'd be no need for laws.
Then you and I'd
be out of a job.
and I like my job.
And now. on behalf of the
United States government.
I'd like to thank
you for volunteering.
- I didn't volunteer.
You extorted me.
- Semantics.
Well. I'm headed
south to chase down
another counterfeiting
operation.
As soon as I get back
to the home office.
I'll take care of that
small clerical matter
we discussed.
If you ever find yourself
in Los Angeles...
- I won't.
- Dad.
Dad. look. I know you're mad
at me and I made a mistake.
but we can argue
about that later.
Right now. we need
to get out of town.
- No.
Just you.
- The Hop Wei... They
know I'm your daughter.
It's not safe here.
- They came around already.
wondering why you
didn't show up at work.
You made a choice
to be a criminal.
I worked hard to
build this place...
And I will die
before I leave it.
- You came to this country
because you wanted
a better life.
You wanted to live
on your own terms.
From the day I was born.
my life was laid
out for me by you.
I didn't get a choice.
So I did what I did because...
Because I deserve
a better life too.
- Goodbye. Yan Mi.
- Pierce. thanks for coming.
- What did you want. Leary?
- It's not about what I want.
It's about what you want.
Your competitor Strickland
has fallen on hard times.
- Yes.
I read about the accident
with his bridge in the paper.
- Mm-hmm.
Everybody's luck
runs out sometime.
- For a man with his
resources. one botched bridge
is a nuisance. not a calamity.
- Turns out his
investors feel otherwise.
- I'm listening.
- That contract will
be in play soon.
A lot of other city
contracts up for grabs.
I've got the mayor's ear.
Under the right conditions.
I can make sure those
contracts go to you.
- Hmm.
And I assume that
those conditions
mean hiring Irish labor.
- That's part of it.
- And the rest?
- With your business expanding.
you're gonna need a partner.
- Partner?
I really hadn't considered...
- Good man.
We ought to celebrate.
Have you tried the 18-year?
- There you go. ladies.
- Thank you. Bill.
It feels so nice to get
waited on for a change.
- Don't I know it.
Now clear out so Abigail
and I can catch up proper.
- You don't have
to tell me twice.
Those two are getting
on like a house on fire.
- I imagine anything's easier
than putting up with
the likes of us.
- Is everything all right?
- Yeah. fine.
How about you?
- Mm. that raid cost
us two men today
and landed me on the
mayor's shit list.
Not exactly a banner first week.
You sort everything
with Agent Mosley?
- It seems like it.
- Well. if you need a job.
there's an opening
at the cement factory.
- You think things
are gonna be different
now that you're chief?
- I don't know.
It seems the higher up I
go. the deeper the shit
I got to wade through.
But maybe with the right men.
we could actually do some good.
- I've heard that before.
- Fair enough.
- If I were to come back...
I mean. if I was to
even consider it.
it'd have to be on my terms.
I'm not gonna spend my
days beating on the Chinese
and carrying water for
men like Walter Buckley.
- I don't know. Lee.
I'd have to run it by the chief.
- Come on. Hurry up! Let's go!
- Shit.
You're up.
- Yeah. How long was I out?
- A couple hours.
- Hours.
Fuck. I gotta go.
- Hey. hang on.
Listen.
Um. boss?
- What's going on?
Where's everyone going?
- To clean up your fucking mess.
We never should have opened
our operation to outsiders.
It left us exposed.
and she took advantage.
For all we know. she's the one
that tipped off
the fucking bulls.
- Oh come on. Young
Jun. We don't know that.
- I told you she was
gonna be a problem.
You wouldn't listen.
- Okay. Yan Mi is gone.
- What?
- She won't be a
problem anymore.
- I'm talking about Mai Ling.
- Oh.
Just call it off.
This isn't the right time.
- It's the perfect time.
She's never been weaker.
She diced her own
elders. for fuck's sake.
Her soldiers are defecting.
Word on the street is. even
Li Yong is done with her.
If Father Jun were here.
he'd call it a window
of fucking opportunity.
and I'm taking it.
Look. I'm not gonna
make you come with us.
No one should have to
kill their own family.
But if there's any part of you
that's thinking about
trying to save her.
I'm gonna stop you right now.
- She's my sister.
- And we're your brothers.
It's time to make
a choice. Ah Sahm.
- Okay.
- It didn't have
to be like this.
- I think it did.
- I would have done
anything for you.
You know that. right?
- Yet here we are.
- Are we done?
- I knew you wouldn't
kill that bitch.
But are you really
ready to die for her?
- Not yet.
- Fucking do it already.
- Where's Ah Sahm?
- I don't know. but I know
you need to get on this train.
- We had a plan.
I'm not getting on without him.
I'm gonna go find him.
- Listen to me.
If he isn't here. he's either
dead or he's dead to you.
I've been where
you are right now.
I know what this feels like.
But if you leave. you live.
This is enough to
get you started.
He wanted you to have it.
- If you see him.
could you tell him...
- All aboard!
- I will.
All aboard!
- How the fuck are you. Chao?
- Hmm?
- Xiaojing.
Xiaojing.
- ♪ Not enough to go around
no matter what tong ♪
♪ Now they trying
to drown us ♪
♪ Since they found
us in the duck pond ♪
♪ Left with no
option except war ♪
♪ No windows of opportunity ♪
♪ Knocking at death's door ♪
♪ Just give me a
proper eulogy ♪
♪ 32 degree. cold-hearted ♪
♪ When old chums
become new targets ♪
♪ Nearly outsmarted me. now
you're dearly departed ♪
♪ Got to leave the
feelings out of it ♪
♪ It's all about keeping
your eyes peeled ♪
♪ When dealing with
real and counterfeit ♪
- ♪ I'm a warrior ♪
♪ I'm a warrior ♪
♪ Adapt or die.
there's no other code ♪
♪ Loyalty was shaky. so
you switched up your role ♪
♪ I'm a warrior ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm